hello world on episode 57 of the
concrete podcast we have the return of
Sean Atwood the uk-based author and
activist who is banned from the United
States for life since the initial
outbreak of kovat 19 in China sean has
been spending his time interviewing
people on the front lines dealing with
the worst of this pandemic he's talked
to doctors and health care workers in
Italy Spain Greece as well as New York
City he's talked to doctors and
scientists who specialized in viruses
and diseases including a Harvard doctor
who believes Kovan 19 was accidentally
leaked from a level 4 bio weapons lab in
Wuhan Shan has been covering every angle
of this current global pandemic and has
vast knowledge of the history of disease
epidemics and how they've affected the
human race and our ecosystem that's it
enjoy or try
so yeah do this I think we're rolling
now finally we're rolling stuff is crazy
you know now you've been doing first of
all it's great to have you back on here
I missed you but yeah you've been
interviewing lots of people from all
over the world Spain Italy Greece New
York doing Skype chats with all kinds of
people that have been affected by this
coronavirus what if so what have you
learned what's the biggest thing you've
been learning from all these people from
talking to everyone one was two to four
weeks ago I started to get emails from
people in Spain and Italy asking me to
want people in the UK and the USA what
was coming so I started to read those
emails out on camera and then in the
comments there was this horrible
backlash people saying I'm trying to
cause a panic the flu is more dangerous
than this only all people are dying in
Italy it's not coming to the US it's not
coming to the UK so that's all right
rather than just read these letters out
I shall interview people in these
hotspots maybe that would be more
impactful so I started to interview
people in the hotspots and the things
that they were saying were happening you
know all people need in intensive care
unit beds being turned away doctors
deciding who lives and dies makeshift
beds been made in tents and bodies just
been laid down in corridors his blankets
thrown over them people who are still
alive but couldn't get any intensive
care units one of the most recent videos
dozens of all people just found dead in
a home in Spain so having the actual
video testimonies if these people
started to wake people up in this
country our government was saying well
we aren't really God policy of lockdown
we're just gonna let it spread and pray
that there is a herd immunity and as the
virus started to spread the government
quickly changed its tune so people
contacted me and watch these messages
and from
people in Italy in Spain and said look
we pulled our kids out of school when we
heard your video and you know thank God
that we did and there's still a small
amount of people but I looked at the
graph today we're almost 100 deaths a
day here in the UK two weeks behind
Italy in America now you've got us about
200 a day so I think America's gonna get
hit really hard all of a sudden a
tsunamis coming then I believe that US
is at 800 total right now is that right
is that sound about right I just checked
it I don't know what the total is but I
think it's 200 in a day there's the
thing when it was like 10 20 people say
no you know the flu kills way way more
than their what the flu is constant and
we've adapted to it this is a completely
unknown thing that humanity is never
experienced and every three days it's
doubling so you know when you're kidding
you got 2 times 2 is 2 4 - 4 plus 4 is 8
8 plus 8 16 and all of a sudden you're
at like 1,000 2,000 that's what's
happening right in front of our eyes
what kind of people have you been
talking to have you been talking to
people in like the healthcare industry
we're talking to scientists researchers
all of the above I'm talking to people a
lockdown in Spain in Italy talking to
people who are working in the health
community and I'm talking to scientists
and I'm talking to doctors I interviewed
a doctor who believes it was come out of
a bio weapons lab in Wuhan dr. Cottle of
Harvard and tomorrow I am interviewing a
doctor who's an expert on pandemics who
explains how it comes from the animal
kingdom so we're trying to cover
absolutely every angle of this story and
my thing was not to cause panic
it was just give people a heads up
because people started sending me these
messages and I think no more prepared we
are the less damage this thing is gonna
cause sorry who did you say the doctor
was from Harvard that you talked to you
dr. Cottrell co t TR e ll and what was
he saying about everything so in wuhan
there is a level 4 by a weapons lab and
they were
parenting on coronaviruses among other
things and looking at vaccines Wow
so the fact that that was the and it
broke out it will pan initially is
really spooky but if you look at the
history of pandemics nature has killed
way more people than humans has I mean
the Spanish flu of the previous century
killed more people than died in all of
the world was combined and if you look
for our history I mean we've just gone
through the greatest period of peacetime
talking about no world wars and no
pandemics in the history of the world
ever so it was inevitable that something
like this would start to happen and my
understanding is some of these areas of
nature the jungles and forests that
we've never cut down and got into before
there are reservoirs of the virus in
animals such as bats right and once we
once the encroach on their turf they're
like alright we're gonna hit back and
this is how nature hits back yeah the
the bad thing to me is is completely
insane misspelled you know especially
like the type I guess there's a specific
type of bat that they say it came from
and that bat typically carries four
different types of coronaviruses that
we've been exposed to over the decades
but apparently this new form of virus
somehow the bats are immune to it and I
was watching something on I believe it
was vice it was a video that they posted
some of the researchers are trying to
find out why the bats don't get sick
from coronavirus and if we can apply
that research to humans somehow have you
heard anything about that the best is
the host in this example and the virus
doesn't affect the bat it just lays in
the host and that is the reservoir of
the virus so then when we get into that
area where we've never been before we
cut down the trees the jungles whatever
and then we start interacting with the
virus
and it repels the humans and that's
nature's way of balancing things out
that's really interesting but they can
jump from animal to animal so you have
the horse Spanish Flu in the late 1800s
that came before the human Spanish Flu
and it jumps from horses to birds to
humans
and we think you know wow how could
something jump from an animal through
human well because we're all animals
that we really right right we say we
think was something special but we're
actually which is the same you know
material animals are made up so yeah
these viruses the bacteria they've been
around for millennia billions of
billions of years they look at humans
it's just a little dot on that time
frame they have all kinds of sneaky ways
of survival and they're in a constant
battle against us but if they wipe us
all out they can't continue so they have
to assimilate with the host population
at some point and the pandemics you know
Trump just said we beat the virus with
America's open for business by Easter
that if you saw what he just said there
to date he he's in a dream world because
pandemics can go for years Spanish flu
was over a year and they come in waves
and it was a second it was the second
wave of the Spanish flu that caused the
most harm I mean it's one hundred
percent fatal for pregnant women people
220 240 with the most robust robust
immune systems died the most because and
they were the healthiest people because
their immune systems reacted so well
that people drowned in their own mucus
how many people did the Spanish flu kill
various estimates from fifty to a
hundred million wow I guess I mean
compared to what Trump's saying he's I
mean he's basically he's getting
restless over the the social distancing
and the people working from home it
seems like he's already trying to get
people to go back to work her already
like the White House is is talking about
already people going back to work how
does that contrast with what your
government's telling you in the UK was
completely less today's achill Boris
Johnson came out and made an
announcement a couple of weeks ago
saying that
we weren't gonna like the country downs
business as usual it needs to spread so
that we can get herd immunity but once
they saw the numbers coming out of Italy
in Spain and saw that by not locking the
country down our trajectory was at a
steeper incline than those countries but
just running two weeks behind they've
realized now they've had to implement
these measures and what the us just jump
into 200 deaths in one day you guys are
on that trajectory as well
even worse scenario than us right now
looking at the numbers what does it look
like on the streets there what are
people doing like your friends people
you talk to is is it like a desert Ville
just like New York City so there are
various stages of lockdown in the
European countries so in Italy in Spain
where they are putting the corpses in
the churches because they can't there's
nowhere to put them anymore
and they're throwing blankets over
people who are dying in the corridors
those guys now if you leave your house
you're going to get a huge fine here in
the UK we've got Paris Johnson telling
us just stay at home stay at home you
know there's going to be police problems
coming if people don't obey this so
we're not on a strict a lockdown as the
Italians to go out of your house and
it's the right now you require requires
a paper paperwork mm-hmm
and you've got it there's three specific
reasons you can leave your house and if
you can't tell the police you're doing
one of those reasons you get a fine on
the spot well maybe even imprisonment
yeah and I guess this it's it's worse in
different parts of Italy is that right I
guess Milan is the worst of all and I
believe you actually talked to a girl
from Milan yeah that have been affected
much worse than others so that's the
other thing you know I post a video
saying that it's like this in this area
and then people really say oh well
there's nothing happening here you know
this is all hype and it's just crazy the
way people are reacting what the same
thing happened with the Spanish flu if
you look at
the cities in America were the leaders
and the business owners said it was all
hype and refused to lock down they got
the most deaths and the cities that he
did the advice that it was coming and
locked down they got the least deaths so
there's a dilemma between the economy
now and then saving lives yeah a lot of
people here I live in Florida over the
United States so it's a different you
could you could it's fair to say it's a
different type of person down in Florida
than it is in the rest of the US a lot
of the people here are not taking it
very seriously some people are a lot of
the older people I think are but there's
so many people who I talked to who just
think it's a conspiracy or shit that I
read online there's so many like you
know bullshit comments on the internet
people talking about how it's a
conspiracy how it's how it's the the New
World Order they want to put the mark of
the beast on you they're anything
they're gonna they're gonna give your
baby a shot and it's gonna be the mark
of the beast and they're gonna control
you and there's just so much conspiracy
stuff going on have you heard a lot of
that yeah
research in the Spanish flu exactly the
same stuff happened really she was just
conspiracy theories all over the place
there was hoax cures all over the place
snake oil was a cure for the Spanish flu
and what we learn from study in the
previous pandemics is yeah the virus
mutates but human nature stays exactly
the same and those people who think that
it's not coming to their neighborhood in
two to three weeks time you've got a
tsunami that's about to slam you
hardcore and you are going to be
absolutely shitting yourself when all of
your hospitals are completely full and
they're turning people away who need
emergency medical treatment and the
doctors are just allowing the younger
people in to save their lives because
they believe you know there's a more
where everything and then letting all
the rest of the people die that's what
it is right now in Italy that's what it
is right now in Spain and which is two
weeks away in the UK in the US so
they're treating the young they're
giving the young people priority or
the old people yes not young younger so
is generally affecting all the people we
had a girl today died in our country 21
years old Chloe her name is Middleton
anyone can google if they think I'm
making this up no underlying health
conditions whatsoever 21 year old young
woman in the prime of her life so again
it's an unknown variable all these
people just saying well you know
actually had it come in that got too
many old people this is a completely
unknown variable even what the experts
are saying you need to be careful with
we've not examined fully the people
who've survived this and learn what
consequences they have we're getting
reports out of China from the earliest
studies saying that up to a quarter the
people have got lung and organ damage
the people who've survived it so because
it's such a new thing and an unknown
thing that's what causes the most
uncertainty and fear and we until you
know this is the waves of completely
then we've studied the actual damage
it's done in the populations we don't
fully know what we're dealing with still
no and that's what's so crazy about to I
mean there's a lot of people here who
are young and healthy like like people
who work out people you know
bodybuilders professional athletes who
are getting it soccer players that's
when I started to freak me the fuck out
and I guess there's nothing to do with
blood types they're saying that a is the
worst and O blood type is like best-case
scenario as far as your survival rate or
what your symptoms how bad your symptoms
are gonna be with it okay so the people
who I've got the least chances of
survival so far in the 7280 age group
and the people with pre-existing medical
conditions especially lung conditions
because there are various stages of this
thing it's cold flu and pneumonia and
it's throat pneumonia that's killing the
people because they can't breathe mm-hmm
now if you go the hospital and they
don't have the equipment to enable you
to breathe you're gonna die
so more people are going to die because
of the inability to get treated that
they're just gonna die from the
inception of the virus mm-hmm that's
what we're seeing is what happening and
there's no possible way that they can
produce all this quick equipment the
ventilators the oxygen system that
tsunami this that's coming out of all
the people that you've spoken to so far
and the research that you've done what
countries in your experience are dealing
dealing with it in the most effective
way
China dealt with it in the most
effective way and you know they've got a
history of communism and you know
totalitarianism and they were able to
lock people down rapidly and we saw a
peak and looking at their peak the rest
of the world and made their calculations
based on the peak thinking all right
this is what's gonna happen here but now
Italy is way exceeded the Chinese big
Spain is on his heels and like I said
the UK and the US which is two weeks
behind that's how fast we're going out
have you done any research or heard
anything about those malaria drugs
they've been testing yeah that's all
speculative as well is it like I said
with the Spanish flu all kinds of cures
were presented this is a virus that is
mutated and I follow dr. Johnson he's a
youtuber out of the UK he doesn't
believe there will be any useful vaccine
until a year to two years and because
that's so fast the side effects of that
vaccine will be unknown and could be
also be harmful you also made a sort of
a public service announcement video on
your channel cuz a friend of yours
Wildman is yes really ill and you you
made it was wild to see you make a video
basically just calling for help for a
friend of yours because they said if you
got the corona virus in this country
just call one one one and you know
they'll send someone to deal with it and
he spent two hours on the phone call in
one one one
and that you couldn't gali was getting
was recorded messages so we were trying
to get him into the hospital and then he
just started saying that there were
people in more serious need than him he
didn't want to go to hospital he was
gonna tough it out I've spoke to him
recently and he has got over it he's
still suffering but he's got over the
the worst part of the temperature the
high temperature and he said he just
drank cider continuously Apple beer he's
a monster he's 26 tonne he's a huge guy
he survived Arizona prison and many
other things and he's a wild man by name
and a wild man by nature just drank
Apple beer side all the way through it
he said it was the best thing for his
throat it can be slow what a beast dude
and it must be is that myth true that
people who spent a lot of time in prison
have a stronger immune system well it's
like the saying throw your baby and the
mothers in that bucket of viruses for
six years like I was in the Arizona
prison system surrounded by hepatitis
HIV yeah you know your immune system is
gonna build up some kind of resistance
but again in the war against viruses
they always come up with new and novel
ways to outsmart us and that's what this
one has got right now yeah and another
thing with you guys in the UK is don't
you guys have an extremely large
population of homeless like over 300,000
homeless people living in the UK that
are so sad when I went for groceries and
I just this guy just looked up on me
from the street and just helpless look
on his face and I just thought to myself
you know the people that have got the
health insurance and I've got the most
money people like Prince Charles who was
just diagnosed with it they tested him
right away you know no God no whatsoever
right but these guys at the bottom of
the social
pyramid they're gonna get hit the
hardest and then you've also got the
countries like Africa it's only just
starting out so in Ethiopia for example
they have one doctor for 10,000 people
so imagine how it's gonna turn through
those countries yeah luckily I don't
think there's many cases in Africa right
now are there I don't think there are I
think I saw like just just often it just
started in Africa
it's like a fire so China's managed to
put the fire out but that's just one
room in the house so if you've got three
other rooms on fire that's not an
improved situation on the whole and then
a weak place of the streets on the fire
that that's what we've seen with this
well China's been able to just kind of
like to level out the curve right they
haven't really they've just stopped from
increasing in their death ray there it's
just they flattened out is that right
yeah with a pandemic a major pandemic
they come in waves so your first wave it
has a curve and then it flattens out and
then the virus it can appear to go away
it can move around the world it can lay
low and then a second wave occurs and
another curve arises right and for the
duration of the waves you have a series
of curves mm-hmm and they Trump says it
goes away with the warmer weather well
as happen with the Spanish it's summer
in Australia right now that's what Tom
Hanks got it so holed up enormous when
something happens disaster to you
personally on to society go through
various stages of adaptation I'm gonna
start to do videos about coping we've
locked down here in the next couple of
weeks my advice and they've got other
prisoners so when I first got arrested
and put in the jail I'm in a state of
shock
you know heads are getting bashed
against toilets bodies are getting
thrown around and prisoners are coming
up to me saying you gotta get that look
of shock off your face or else you're
gonna get preyed on over time you know
as this thing is constant you
internalize that fear and you were a
mask so six months into my incarceration
I've got this look cold dead eyes if I
show any fear at all you know it's gonna
get exploited
inside I'm still a bit nervous well over
time and becoming more accustomed to
that environment and then by the end of
my incarceration I had my program I'm
reading all these books doing all this
writing got my exercise routine down
I've adjusted to that way of life so you
know in this video this videos I'm going
to do I'm gonna get into way more detail
about how people can adapt to being
locked down we are all prisoners now and
you know I was in sell a free man cell
the size of a toilet so I listen to guys
shit and piss and smell his farts and
24/7 yeah but you know we lock down now
in our own houses I didn't have Netflix
we've got Netflix we've got all this you
get everything Skype uber yes we have
not experienced anything like this in
our lifetimes but the shock once it was
a you start to adjust and hopefully I
can do some videos to help people with
that adjustment process right now the
prisoners have a lot of knowledge and
wisdom that prisoners have that could be
very useful to the public at large
that's something I haven't even thought
about is has this it what if this hit a
prison this could seriously fuck up a
prison okay I did talk down view shook
hands with the prisoners and the guards
and everything and that was the first
prison to get it in this country the
whole - that was there just about a week
before so in Iran they released
prisoners in Iran because they thought
they would have a better chance of
survival in Italy the prisoners have
been rioting and people have been
murdered there are prison escapes going
on right now because think about it
like I said the people at the bottom of
society social pyramid they're gonna die
the most they're not if this if this
oxygen required and breathing apparatus
required I think I'll give all that to
the prisoners to save their lives no way
hell no yeah they're gonna give it to
the people who are law-abiding citizens
the ones that they can the ones that
aren't getting turned the way that is so
prisoners know they're gonna die so
there's escapes and there's all there's
all kinds of chaos in the prisons all
over the world right now just and it's
just I think there's gonna be a lot more
riots and people escaping and people
kicking off in the prisons and then
there's the prison staff you know
they're considered essential workers
they're gonna keep the prison population
fed and everything else right so I've
watched some of the testimonies and then
they're complaining you know they're
gonna be hugely at-risk thing it will
spread like wildfire through the
prison's oh my god yeah prisons people
there is such close quarters they're in
line to get food at the cafeteria I mean
it's it just seems like a death pit
people are war house for profits in the
prisons like battery chickens and hens
and they're the you know ideal
circumstances for the virus to thrive
and you know there was like outbreaks of
Mercer and people the sores on people
and you know all the time all the
tattooing and intravenous drug use
so yeah this it's it's conducive to
absolutely fire ignited in the prisons
or more than the nature resets
everything periodically because in our
lifetimes we are not adjusted to it and
we didn't expect it and it's a shock to
our system but if you read the history
books books like Guns Germs and Steel
and other books I've got histories of
pandemics you'll see this is just par
for the course from nature yeah the
other thing I wanted to ask you is you
have experience in the stock market
obviously have you been away but have
you done any research or heard anything
about the the Senators who were alleged
accused of insider trading right before
the stock market crashed yeah the
Senators were privy to son
earrings that spook them and they dump
their shares right and insider trading
laws are very rarely exercised unless
they want to make an example of someone
like Martha Stewart Ivan Boesky the law
I mean one of the functions of the law
is to protect the interest of the most
powerful people in the world mm-hmm and
that includes the politicians and the
legislators and the business owners at
the top of the pyramid so you're not
gonna see any play in the legal system
going against those guys for selling
their shares I mean my wake up call was
the insider trading the short selling
the purchasing of the put options before
9/11 happened the bets came in before
9/11 happened I was an options trader
I watched him happen couldn't believe it
it was headline news and they said they
were gonna track the trades down and the
only way it could have been done was if
insider knowledge from the terrorists
had to be the terrorists and it
disciplined out the news and years later
it came out those trades were traced
back to an investment bank that was run
by the CIA and anyone who had any
knowledge of those trades was deputized
which means you can't say anything to
anyone about them or else you will be
thrown in prison so there are people in
this world who know disasters that come
in and profit from them and it's a sad
state of affairs can you I'm sorry you
just kind of blew my mind can you expand
on that a little bit on the insider
trading before 9/11 yes absolutely
wake-up call to how the world really
works so perhaps I mentioned in the
previous interview that I've been
trading the stock market since I was a
teenager right you did when I was a
teenager I also traded what's called the
options market now the options market
allows you to put down a smallish amount
of money and make a huge percentage
return or if you if your bet is wrong
you get wiped out so for example let's
say Walmart shares go up 10%
a warmer option makeup a hundred percent
on that move well you can also buy an
option that will make money if the stock
goes down so if Walmart goes down ten
percent a Walmart put option will go up
a hundred percent a put option yeah a
call option means I'm sorry I apologize
in advance because I don't know anything
about start the stock market okay so if
the stock if you buy stock and it goes
up you're gonna make profits and then
you buy stock and it goes down you're
gonna lose right well options allow you
to make money either way if you buy a
call option and the stock goes up you
will make hundreds of percent okay if it
goes down you will be wiped out if you
buy a put option and the stock goes down
you will make hundreds of percent but if
it goes up you will be wiped out Wow now
there is an average daily volume on
these securities and in the week before
nine eleven the pot options for the err
lines the trading on them started to go
up ten times daily average twenty times
daily average until it was just so
outstanding
it was making headline news and how many
days before nine eleven was this week
before nine eleven what evidence is
there that it could have been people in
the CIA doing this because it was in the
news they said it was the terrorists
they're gonna trace the trades the
trades were traced and it was traced
back to an investment bank run by CIA oh
my god
I can't that's hard to comprehend you
know if you google it you all the
details are laid out online and it tells
you the name of the investment company
tells you the name of the CIA guy the
xgi guy that was
and how the you know everybody who
knowledge of the trades was deputized so
they could never ever speak about those
trades Wow and so basically when you say
they were deputized what exactly does
that mean
so say I profited from the 9/11 disaster
and I place a trade through you you were
my broker yeah and the police came to
you mmm feds came to you said we are
hereby deputize you you could not tell
anybody in the entire world
anything you knew about that transaction
of white you will be thrown in prison
have you have you published any anything
on this on the 911 I've got videos on it
okay you can actually see the clip that
made headline news if you put in like
911 options trading insider options
trading on YouTube ah the news headline
clip is still out floating around
YouTube you see it's got to be terrorist
trade in the only way these transactions
could have gone through blah blah blah
and then completely disappears up there
is black oh wow man that is fucking wild
what what is your view on 9/11 what is
your overall opinion on 9/11 why it went
down so the fact that people were
placing bets on the ER lines told me
that there was a grand conspiracy to
allow it to happen and to profit from it
and ultimately what they would get we
got the Patriot Act
we got endless wars in the Middle East
we got a record amount of defense
spending and I'm gonna interview some
people on the coronavirus subject about
what might happen when this pandemic
goes away will this change the world
permanently in the way that 9/11 changed
the world
permanently in these draconian measures
such as the Patriot
and all the techno spying and stylize so
do you think there's any chance that
there's any kind of legitimate inside
you know conspiracy regarding the corona
virus like is there any shadow of a
doubt and shadow of a doubt in your mind
that it could have been you know done on
purpose by the Chinese government or any
government whatsoever so in my early
videos I was saying that it was
irrelevant where it came from
yeah the important thing was to prepare
yourself right of course after
interviewing dr. Carell and looking more
closely at the level for why a weapons
lab in Wuhan and understanding these
coronaviruses were being experimented on
I can't eliminate the possibility that
it was leaked accidentally or on purpose
I like to hope that if it was a leak it
came accidently and it does seem to have
taken world leaders by surprise so I
would say right now I'm 80% zone attic
and 20% bio lab okay 20% that it was
developed for warfare but accidentally
leaked 90% from animals from nature
right right right
wow that's scary scary times well you
know what Jordan these times I mean are
you not like contacting your family and
loved ones more right now and seen
everyone's okay yeah the craziest thing
now is everybody's out riding their
bikes around town everyone's outside
jogging walking their dogs people
realize they people realize they own
dogs now and they actually take them out
for walks and it's like the opposite of
what it used to be like with everyone
glued to their phones it's weird
things like this make people appreciate
lies and what we've got when the shocks
over and people adapt I'm hearing from
people you know I'm at home I'm studying
something I wanted to study for years
but never had the chance to do it
which so became a turning point in
incarceration for me the first year I
was wild you know would have gone back
to the lifestyle after facing the two
hundred year maximum sentence where I
was on the brink of killing myself
pushed to the brink of suicidal insanity
I let go of that material attachment my
million-dollar house my plasma screen TV
my swimming pool my jacuzzi
none of that shit mattered anymore right
getting sentence nine and a half years
is one the happiest days of my life
and that taught me the happiness is not
a material world it's in your thoughts
and in your heart mm-hmm so you can wake
up and appreciate the small things
there's no dead rats in my food anymore
there's no cockroaches in my bed you
know and that becomes a yardstick then
so if you're going for something some
form of hardship in your life where its
core virus or anything else
ask yourself what are the toughest
things you ever got from your life and
compare and contrast if you've never
been through anything so tough watch my
clip about the cockroaches and yeah wait
you know and your beds full of insects
definitely definitely have you been what
have you been doing personally with your
time besides obviously you're spending a
lot of time doing interviews whatever
but what have you been done personally
like with your health or with your diet
or whatever it may be just they say a
little bit so I'm trying to balance that
out now and I'm doing the yoga in the
house watching a bit of Netflix relaxing
reading my Kindle but as the strike zone
I'm gonna have to start doing more
physical things I'd like to start
jogging I've got a beautiful countryside
behind me yeah I've been in the
squirrels up for months throwing them
all these nuts and stuff and I realized
now if you know if it is zombie
apocalypse I'm looking at recipes for
like squirrels chew yeah you watch those
things
[Laughter]
are you since the Red Death mr. Amit's
lot with the dead rats in it I'm
vegetarian me meeting tons of fruits and
the top doctors are saying vitamin C and
vitamin D and doing like lung exercises
having that lung strength because
smokers are getting wiped out by this as
well yeah
like breathing exercises are really good
I've heard you know obviously
restricting your calories I recently had
a nutritional scientist researcher here
who was talking a lot about like
specific diets that are good for you
like low carb diets that are good to
keep the immune system healthy like a
lot of like meditating you're meditating
oh yeah I saw some edits a in the jail
oh really when I was with the
cockroaches and because they put me on
medication to help me sleep with the
crawl on me well the meditation was so
effective I managed to get off the
medication so yeah I highly recommend
meditation yeah whether you do it
whether you do it in your house or I
mean either even doing things like just
walking or running or things like that I
mean you can't do that obviously you
can't can you go out and exercise is
that part of the the ban in the UK or
you have to stay indoors unless you're
getting people to go out and exercise
they are yeah well if we're gonna follow
Italy in Spain those days of numbers
yeah they're not even allowed to go
outside period unless it's for food
right right the military on the streets
fuck man well cool man thank you for
doing this short and sweet but I think
we cover a lot of really interesting
stuff cool well I really hope wild man
gets oh you said he already got through
it so hopefully he's the temperature
thing is the scary thing he's
temperature shoots up really he couldn't
breathe properly so you know he was
panicking a bit was it for sure
coronavirus do you think he actually
never got tested right no they will
assess people yeah so we just don't know
god that's scary man I really hope this
thing doesn't last as long as some of
those some of those crazy epidemics in
the past like the Spanish flu or or any
of those things I really hope this thing
doesn't start
going down and go up again and last
forever well we got just to the reality
of multiple waves and you know it could
go on for over a year to London B bunny
playing lasted five years obviously you
saw that the crazy stimulus package
that's going through in the US right now
with the two trillion dollar amount the
two trillion dollars are gonna send it
businesses and individuals which is the
biggest in US history they're saying is
there anything like that going on in the
Europe well whenever the stock market
starts to crash that's what they do and
it causes the stock market to bounce
but then the overriding factors drag it
back down again
so we saw you know III wanna if people
are there watching this and they're
interested in investments I put my posts
on stage analysis net
I think it's free to join the forum and
a couple of weeks ago I just wrote look
this is going down people are asking me
should they buy yeah there's that's
called catching falling daggers you do
not want to catch falling daggers you're
gonna get your hands just cut wide open
that's when you're buying when it's
tanking during something like this yeah
it's gone into waterfall decline and I
said that if 22000 didn't hold it would
it would rapidly go down to 18,000
that's exactly what's happened it's
bounced off just above 18,000 on the Dow
Jones its back up now at 21,000 and
change on this stimulus announcement
well looking at the history of burr
markets these stimulus things they
always announce something like this and
it makes it bounce but then it starts to
go down again so if you're a short
seller it might be a good time to shot
the market if it's if it bounces around
ups around here and it starts to fall
over again goddamn it's insane well cool
thanks again man I really appreciate it
obviously I'll link all your stuff below
so people can follow all your recent
videos and interviews with the doctors
and the people living in those in those
areas I think they're they're definitely
really informative and really helpful to
watch
really appreciate your time Sean all
right you two men see it
[Music]